---
title: Blog week 2
layout: post
author: harry.keyland
permalink: /blog-week-2/
source-id: 1QAaf157yMbUfwUcxcdBuzBr0BZz7lj65hcUmCKKERgM
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Blog Week 2</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>26/09/16</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Section 1-2 of the book</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To finish off section 1-2 and start section 1-3</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> Very nearly but not quite.
</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>We took it in turns to read out the script to each other while the other one typed in the code. We switched every time there was a point where we had to sane it on our memory sticks.
This was an effective strategy because we both had turns to type and read out the script. We also set up the FUZE box alot quicker so we fit a lot more of the script into one lesson.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>It took us a while to save everything onto our memory sticks because we were just generally slow at putting our memory sticks into the FUZE box and getting back to the task. This limited our learning a lot because it took up some time but not as much as last week because we were used to setting up the FUZE box quickly.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time I will make sure we are quicker when we transfer our data to our memory sticks and hopefully set our FUZE box even faster than this week and last week as well. If we transfer our data quickly as well as set up our FUZE box quickly then we will have maximum time for getting through the FUZE book.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


